.NET 8 PropertyExcercice
This is an example project developed with .NET 8. The purpose of this repository is to demonstrate a basic structure and common features of a .NET 8 application.

Description
This project is designed to showcase how to create and structure an application using .NET 8. It includes a simple API, basic configurations, and examples of integration with databases, authentication, and unit tests.

Requirements
.NET 8 SDK or higher
Visual Studio 2022 or higher (optional)
SQL Server or any database compatible with Entity Framework Core (optional, depending on your setup)
Installation
To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository

git clone https://github.com/username/dotnet8-project.git
cd dotnet8-project

2. Restore NuGet packages
dotnet restore


3. Build the project
dotnet build


4. Run the application
dotnet run


Project Structure
The project follows a commonly used structure in .NET applications with the following organization:

/Controllers: Contains the API controllers.
/Models: Defines data model classes.
/Services: Contains business logic.
/Migrations: Files generated by Entity Framework for database migrations.
/Tests: Unit testing project.


Endpoints
Here’s a list of available API endpoints:

GET /api/GetProperties: Retrieves a list of properties.
POST /api/CreateProperty: Creates a new property.
POST /api/{idProperty}/AddImageToProperty: Creates a new image of property.
PUT /api/{idProperty}/ChangePrice: Change price of property
PUT /api/{idProperty}/UpdateProperty: Change object of property


Database
dotnet ef migrations add InitialCreate
dotnet ef database update


Testing
dotnet test
